Title: Regina Jönsson
Registration: 22746

I have not been a student at SSE very long, but I already have developed a great love for SASSE in many ways... Since I first entered this school I felt eager to participate in all the fantastic events that were held. Now I finally found a perfect way to contribute to this – as the president of ITC.

My goal is to make ITC a place where people want to be. It starts with cleaning up and making an environment where people like to hang out. Back in history there’ve been activities like fika-Thursdays at ITC and I want to revive this tradition in a similar way. I also want to organize more gaming events and give people a reason to simply drop by. Why not have a workshop about how you make your own smartphone app or invite a pro-gamer giving you his tips and tricks on your favorite game? I have many ideas but of course if you elect me, I’d like you to feel comfortable sharing YOUR ideas with me and I will do my best to make it happen. Together we will work for a more exciting committee!

During my time at SSE there have been some troubles with the sign ups for events. This is a problem for the Business committee and of course troublesome for the students. My ambition as ITC president will be to establish a close relation to Awave, who are responsible for our homepage, to avoid these problems from the start or if they still occur solve them instantly. I would also continue the outsourcing of the services the ITC provides. In this processes the prime task is good communication. This is also the case for the internal work, for example to be in agreement with the Business committee and know exactly what they want before talking to Awave. The whole Board is depending on that the system works, so of course it is highly important to have a functional communication with them.

